So let's imagine you have to start a
company again. Walk me through the first
30 days. What will you do
>> if I have to start a company again? I
think the first thing is
>> this is Young, co-founder and CEO of
Opus Clip, an AI tool that turns long
videos into viral short clips. In just 2
and 1/2 years, he built it into one of
the fastest growing AI companies in the
world. 50 million users, $215 million
valuation. LLMs are advancing so fast
and large companies are releasing better
and better products. Do you think there
are any niches or problems that are not
worth solving anymore?
>> If you ask me like 3 years ago, the
answer will be much simpler. I think
every AI founder should be somehow aged,
which means that you can predict what
the financial models can release in the
next few weeks or months.
>> The rules have changed and most founders
don't see it yet. Young breaks down
where the opportunities are, what to
avoid, and what it takes to win in 2026.
This video is sponsored by HubSpot.
Okay, Young, thank you so much for being
here. You've built one of the fastest
growing AI companies, 12 million users
in 12 months, 215 million in valuation.
Can you introduce yourself in 60
seconds? What do you do?
>> Thank you for having me, Marina. Um, I'm
Yan, co-founder and CEO at Opus Clip. We
built the products that turn long- form
dense information content like articles,
blogs, footage, papers into engaging
content like short form videos that can
attract your audiences worldwide. We
have gathered actually more than 15
million users in the past 2 and a half
years.
>> What? This is crazy. Wow.
>> Super crazy.
>> And also like your story is fascinating
cuz you started during co and you
started with all the different features
and only this one stuck. Can you talk to
me about this mindset of like trying
things and seeing them not work and not
giving up?
>> Yeah. Um it's kind of frustrating for
sure. I think in the early days like we
are like new founders or early founders.
Um it's actually the passion that drove
us to continuously try different things.
uh but like probably after half a year
or even one year of trying like let's
say three to four different things if
you don't still get any early signals of
the product market fit you will be
easily fatigued. Um so I think that's
the challenge and we're kind of lucky
that we first built a live streaming
tool. um nobody likes it but there's
only one feature that is like um the
clipping feature in the live stream tool
uh that had somehow early signal of the
product market fit and also thanks to
that time which you know actually in the
same week was launched by open AAI um so
we quickly married that to this you know
standalone feature and pivoted to a new
product which is the open opus plate
right now
>> what should people pay attention to when
they decide to double down on one
particular feature.
>> Good question. So, we were not tracking
any classic OG um a RR kind of metric.
We didn't build a product for OpenClip
in the in the first day. We actually
engineered the result, the final
outcome, the final videos and just
emailed them to all of the potential
customers. Oh, so you're like manually
creat
[laughter]
we we man we we work we work with the AI
to edit all these videos and write and
send out to all the um potential
customers and I think we got like more
than 60% of positive feedback.
>> I love this clip. I want to use it like
I just want to tweak one thing and you
know I can publish it right away. So
those are the very early feedback and
the then like after a few more weeks we
built the product into a discord bot
still no interface right so we save a
lot of time building the you know UIUX
and all that all that kind of stuff and
just focus on delivering the value
validating the outcome so we grabbed you
know hundreds of uh thousands of uh
creators into our discord channel and
they are playing with the bot so what we
were looking at or basically their
retention right their engagement of that
tool
And but but beyond that we also look
into the discussions around the content
like we saw people hey how do you get
that content how do you get that piece
of um the clip. So I think in the early
days quantitative data are important but
qualitative um [snorts]
data or feedback is also super
important. When we start hearing people
uh complaining about the queue,
complaining about the quota of their
daily usage, we realize this is the part
of market fit moment.
>> Nice. And was there a metric uh when you
said you were tracking how often people
were coming back to the bot in Discord?
What's a good number? Cuz I feel like
it's not something like Google, right?
When you're like googling several times
a day, but for a feature like yours,
what's what's a good metric? Yeah, the
general use case for content creator,
let's say, they would normally have like
one piece of long form content, uh, long
form footage, and they want to use our
tool to to generate like 5 to 10 short
clips so that they can post to their
channels, one clip a day. Um, so I would
say the average uh frequency of using
our tool is like on a weekly basis. But
when we see people like come to use it
every day or you know multiple times a
week that is a very strong usage. Yeah.
>> Beyond what we can imagine.
>> So based on this story that we just
talked about of you ended up finding
this feature. What would be your advice
to all the startup founders? What would
you say is the key learning from that?
>> The key learning is that you should
build a real business with a product not
a cool demo. Right? Because many people
just start with building a very cool
demo. Um they showed it off to the
people and you know it looks like magic
because the demo really demonstrates
>> you polish the way it looks right works.
Yeah.
>> Yeah. So the demo shows a very strong
capability but um many founders failed
because they didn't find a product
market fit for a real business. What
that means is that they are not solving
probably they're not solving a real
painoint a real painful job to be done
in the real world because for your
product if they if it is a real painful
job to be done there must be a lot of
alternative solutions like you know
humans do the job or they build some
internal tools or they manually just you
know concatenate couple of different
snippets of the or solutions to make it
work right they spend extra time effort
or you know painful hours to get the job
done.
>> So are you really replacing those type
of like tedious or human heavy workflows
that is one part of you know whether it
is a real business. The second thing
would be how your customers uh
understand the values you created,
right? If you can tell your product
value in just like 10 words, maybe or
probably you're close to a real
business. If your product is just cool
and all the feedback was like this is
amazing, this is awesome, but nobody
want to give you uh their credit card
information. Nobody want to ask you what
is the you know what is your pricing
tier. it's also not helping you um get
to the product market fit as well.
>> I really like the way you approached
this. So you figured out the problem
that people are solving manually and
then you created a product manually
without any interface and then you saw
early users feedback. I really like that
approach. If people want to use that
approach, what would you say comes
first? Passion about particular problem
are the or the problem itself?
>> Yeah, I would say both of them are super
critical. Um but my first principle for
passion is actually not necessarily the
passion for solving the problem. I think
passion is something more emotional. Um
I think all the entrepreneurs, all the
founders need to have the passion to be
a problem solver. You need to have the
passion to be a builder, to build
something that people want, to build
something that you know ideally change
the world. I think that's the passion
founders need, right? You don't have to
have a passion for like video clipping.
You don't have to have a passion for
like, you know, running a restaurant. I
think all you need to have for a passion
is to be a problem solver, be a builder,
be a game changer. And rationally
speaking, the real painful job to be
done is something that is inevitable in
your journey. Um you have to be very
rational to figure out this is a real
problems to be solved by my passion
right um so the deep understanding about
the industry about the workflow about
the customer profiles about the use
cases those are all rational um so I
think an emotional passion for like a
bigger picture um just just to be a
builder plus um the rational conviction
for solving a concrete problems that you
know very well. Those are the
necessities for becoming a founder.
>> My guest Young built a tool that
creators love. And if you're interested
in turning content into a career in 2026
or taking your creator career to the
next level, take a look at this new
ultimate content creator toolkit from
HubSpot in partnership with Tik Tok.
It's packed with resources that help you
cut through the noise, what tools you
actually need, AI prompts that save
hours, and most importantly, how to
connect your content to real revenue,
not just views. My favorite section is
the Tik Tok breakout, and I love how
actionable it is. Tik Tok Ads Manager
doesn't just help you launch ads, it
shows you what's already working. I wish
I had this tool 10 years ago. You can
peek at top performing ads, see which
products are blowing up, track trending
sounds and hashtags, and even use Tik
Tok's own AI tools to make your videos
stand out. And it's not just about
views. It's about turning attention into
signups, customers, and recurring
income. Tik Tok users are actually way
more likely to sign up, buy, or take
action compared to other platforms. And
with a HubSpot integration, you can
literally see which videos are
converting into leads and clients inside
your CRM. This toolkit was created by
HubSpot in partnership with Tik Tok and
I'm partnering with them in this video
to share it with you. So, you're
learning directly from the people who
see the data every day. Download the
toolkit for free in the description
below. Honestly, if you're serious about
growing as a creator, this is where you
start. Let's talk about your new agent
opus cuz I was I heard this presentation
where you compared uh where you tool
your tool is doing now to human editors.
And yes, human editors are slightly
better, but when it comes to someone
who's just starting out multiple
channels, agent opus becomes invaluable
because it just takes all the content,
creates, I guess, all those channels.
Can you explain how it works?
>> We currently have two products, right?
The Opus script product is like a very
refined workflow um or agentic workflow
that follows um a rigid um plan and then
execute it. The agent opus on the other
side is more um is more agentic. Um
there is no preset workflow. Um and the
interaction for users is that you can
just drop your um drop your idea, your
story or some links or some you know
assets and instruct the agent to do
whatever you want them to create.
>> So the agent is more is playing the role
like a director, right? It's not a video
editor. It's not a video creator. It's
not a video generator. It's not a
designer. It is a director. And think
about you know what how director works
in those uh movie studio. They are like
a true leader um managing and
collaborating with multiple different
functions like there are designers,
producers, um artist um researchers and
script writers, scene writers, right?
there are so many sub agents in agent
opus all reporting to the central
director agent um so I think that's the
magic part of it um because when well
everyone says I'm using AI I'm building
AI but I think building a team of AI is
another level of challenge but it also
unlocks another level of superpower so
when when we saw that um agent the agent
office was the central director agent um
you know designing a plan and also
orchestrate among the other 8 to nine
agent.
It is a truly end-to-end autonomous
experience
where the input is just some article or
pieces of news while the output consists
like you know well-written script
polished voiceovers
um photorealistic avatars
real world assets sourced from the
entire internet and also YouTube plus AI
generated scenes animations infographics
along the video. So, it's a true multi-
aent, multimodal agent workflow.
>> And so, or I can drop my LinkedIn post,
right, which is a written post, and
you'll be able to create
>> a video out of it.
>> Yeah, exactly.
>> So, can you show the new AI feature? Cuz
th this is something that we're doing a
lot. We're trying to repurpose whatever
is going viral on LinkedIn. This is so
funny. I posted myself sitting in the
garage on a call because my kids were
going crazy upstairs and I just couldn't
take the call upstairs and I'm like in
this messy garage I'm freezing. Um and
it got 120,000 impressions
>> and ideally I want it to become you know
something else I can post. So for sure
>> so I copy link right?
>> Yeah you copy and paste. You can just
say like create a video of this LinkedIn
post
and
>> should I add more prompts like uh make
it a viral re or
>> Yeah.
>> or it should or it's like pre-prompted
or something.
>> Yeah, it's pre-prompted but you can
always always add
>> um or you can you add some thought on
it. Um up to you. So and for voice you
want to also create your own voice but
let's just like use our default all
voice
>> um everything
>> what is the hook
>> hook is that you we have different um
hook templates like the fast cuts
article highlight right now it's kind of
slow uh so probably takes about like 30
to 60 minutes
>> oh 30 to 60 minutes
>> yeah we're optimizing this the speed
hopefully we can get to like 20 minutes
uh in two months I'm going to show you
the result. [laughter]
>> Work and home lives blend together now
more than ever. A constant zigzag
between professional calls and family
chaos.
>> Okay. So with all of this, what will
happen to creators in 3 years? So like
in general creator economy, how do you
see it evolving with all the agentic
tools?
>> I think the entry barrier to create
something is going to dissolve so that
everyone has the superpower to become a
creator. Um that's a brutal fact.
um and it makes the competition much
more challenging to be honest. But the
good thing is that um everyone now don't
have to think about you know what tool
do I need to use or what techniques what
expertise do I need to learn but now you
can focus on figuring out what is your
uniqueness how should you stand out
right what is your unique narrative your
of your story what is your unique
messaging what is your unique tone um
what sets you apart um so just focus on
yourself focus on your own storytelling
and in you know point of two years, no
more than 3 years, AI can just deliver
the job for you. They're doing actually
the dirty work for you, but you're going
to be the real creative one.
>> But it's crazy. The competition is going
to be insane.
>> It is.
>> Do you think there's less and less time
to build a personal brand? Because what
happens if in 3 years everyone has
access to tools, everyone tells a story,
and then we don't have enough eyes to
consume all that content. Do you ever
worry about it?
>> I don't worry that too much. Um because
think about like 10 years ago, 5 years
ago when you want to build a personal
brand, um I think most of the time
you're you're wasting is to um you know
edit the video scene by scene, right? Is
to design design your colors, design um
everything like page by page. I think
that's how you wasted the time. So the
analogy is that is that if you have to
spend five months um building your
personal personal branding from zero to
one but nowadays it's like you just need
a couple weeks
>> my like thing because I started 10 years
ago and I remember editing all the
videos.
>> Something that set me apart was the
willingness to do that. So my content
was super mediocre but because I took
the chance of like you know spending six
hours to edit a video I got my
followers. It's impossible today. like
if my content is mediocre, it's not
going to be noticed. That's the thing,
right? So, your story either has to be
extraordinary or or that's it. Do you
think we still have this opportunity to
showcase our personal brands or because
there's so many, we're getting
saturated?
>> The good storyteller um or the the real
unique people can still um have the
advantage. U think about um you know,
carriage versus cars, right? 100 years
ago very few people have cars. Uh so it
become a privilege to be you know one of
the fastest people in the world.
Nowadays everyone are able to to drive a
car. Almost everyone are able to drive a
car. Um but there are still formula 1
drivers. There are still you know WDC
drivers who are you know way faster than
the ordinary people. So I think this
probably you know 10 years ago you
showed your willingness to become to
build your personal branding by uh
spending extra time um writing content
um polishing your website editing the
videos. But I think in the future you
people who want to stand out should
still probably spend the same amount of
time on something else. not using the
tools, not you know building by yourself
but the time should be spent on thinking
it through how you should stand out. So
I think time spent probably the same but
the actual word are completely different
which is more human actually.
>> Yeah. Yeah. I like that refle I like the
car analogy actually. Thank you.
>> So let's imagine uh you have to start a
company again. Now walk me through the
first 30 days. what will you do
>> if I have to start a company again? The
first thing is always to figure out what
is what is a real painful job to be
done. Um I want to so I I'm the
prototype of founder who don't start
everything from technology but from um
users from the market. Um I have to
segment my market um to a very clear
very vertical niche that I can clearly
understand their existing workflow,
their existing pain point um their
existing alternative solutions and then
so I think probably I I would have to
spend you know the first couple weeks um
two or three weeks understanding the
real use case um the very specific ICP.
Um and the second thing is to just
engineer a you know prototype or pro
proof of concept. I can do that very
easily with all the web coding tools
right now. Right.
>> What's your favorite?
>> Uh well I'm a heavy um cursor user. Um
but I I tried many other different tools
but cursor is my goto goto tool. Yeah
>> cuz I came from engineering background
so it's um yeah more familiar with the
IDE. The step two is actually just um
couple days should be good enough u to
have a proof of concept. Uh and then I
go back to share that with the early
users um the ICPS to get you know their
feedback. Uh the feedback should not
only about do you like the product but
also like what kind of problems are am I
solving for you and what is the value
you perceive which means how much money
you are willing to pay for it. Um right
so that that process probably is the
majority of the early 30 days but I
think on the other side I'm also I also
need to think it through about what kind
of propri proprietary data can I possess
along the way and will that data set
grow as the product grow as the user
grow right um we don't have to build
toward a moat um or a very clear plan of
differentability but I think We need to
have that idea
at least well thought in the first early
days. Um because you have you can't
avoid it right when you really launch
the product. So it's better to have
something in mind have some idea in mind
>> like what makes you stand out market and
what makes people come back.
>> Yeah. And if you ask this question,
especially nowadays, especially we are
entering 2026,
>> we're switching between apps like crazy.
Like there's new shiny app, you install
it, you're like, "Oh, I love it now."
But the next day something else comes
out and it's so easy unless you have
history within certain app. Right.
>> Exactly. So the last thing I think we
should consider is the distribution
channel. Um I think the competition is
totally different. Yeah. Two years ago.
two years ago you can easily say you are
the chachibility of ABC right it's so
easy to go viral right at that time
nowadays like everyone knows AI everyone
has used AI um so figure out a
distribution channel will help you
better refine your user experience your
on boarding and also um your target IP
as well
>> so [snorts] basically you start with
expertise it looks like you need to
understand at least one niche to be able
to build something not like oh this
market looks good I'm going to try and
build something for it. No, you need to
be deep in that market and understand
the problem.
>> Exactly. Because you asked me a
question. Uh the assumption is today,
right? AI has been there for like more
than 3 years. The LM has been there for
more than 3 years, right? It's because
if you ask me like 3 years ago, the
answer was will be much simpler. But
nowadays,
>> just build with AI. [laughter]
But now when you know LLM are advancing
so fast and large companies are
releasing better and better products. Do
you think there are any niches or
problems that are not worth solving
anymore just because big companies can
take over in like a week?
>> I think two major types of problems that
a founder should avoid. Um the first one
is that you are just building a feature
for an existing type of ICP ideal
customer profile within an existing
workflow built by the incumbent. So
basically what that means that is that
um the incumbents can easily build a
feature that you know bundles everything
right and probably you won't have your
own distribution channel for example I
think like if you want to build a
noteaker think it through right probably
find another direction because it's
super easy for zoom or you know Google
meet to have that feature in their
existing workflow because you're
targeting basically the same ICP same
market same almost you know same or
adjacent use cases attached to a big
workflow, a big platform. I think every
AI founder should be somehow AGIP, which
means that you can predict or you should
be confident to make some predictions
about what the financial models can
release in the next few weeks or months,
right? if they are already doing you
know some job 80% very well 90% very
well I think it's you know in their
second in their next few release they
can probably do that job like 99% well
or even 100% right so um run that test
in your internal strategic discussions
if you're just becoming a rapper with
some prompts then probably you don't
have to write any prompts in the second
release in the next release of um Gemini
or CH GPT you need to focus on solving
like a vertical business problem um by
like integrating
the workflow end to end right you need
to own the workflow end to end so that
you know AI is part of the workflow but
it's not all right instead like if you
build a rapper with some prompt
engineering AI is almost the endto-end
workflow itself
>> can you also walk me through um the
process of coming up with pricing for an
AI tool how do you decide on cuz I know
you have lower tier but then you also
have like a 20k check for um bigger
companies. How do you come up with the
price?
>> Pricing is a is a real science.
[laughter] So couple of factors we uh
considered in the first place. For
example, first what is your value
creation? How to measure your value
creation? Right? Um before using your
product, what would your users do to
achieve the goal uh to get the job to be
done? uh they probably you know spend
their own time which there is a price
for their own time right they probably
outsource it to some vendors or um yeah
they pay humans to get the job done or
they may like use some like OG tools uh
by some professional guys like in our
use case professional editors to to get
the job done. So in our industry like
editing a clip, editing a like a
[snorts] viral ready high quality clip,
one minute clip often takes about 1 hour
or at least 30 minutes and the price the
market price is about 25 to $50.
>> So that's the value creation we're
benchmarking against. The second thing
is about your unit economy. um because
you have inference cost um and that can
even that can go down in the future but
um it's still very pricey in the early
days and also for videos another
elephant in the room for the cost is the
storage. The storage can be just 5% in
the early days but it can become like
50% of your total cogs after 3 or 5
years.
>> Yeah. So the unit economy you want to
make sure it's healthy, it's um
sustainable. The third one I was I would
say just do as many experiments as
possible. We actually send out like
thousands of surveys in the first few
months and we tweaked our pricing logic
again and again well in the early days
right you don't want to change
drastically in the in the late stage but
in the early stage um we we did a lot of
survey customer interview to understand
how much they are willing to pay. Um
because even you have a clear value
creation and a well- calculated um unit
economy, can users still perceive that
right? Is your metric clear enough for
user to understand the value creation,
you know, to buy in your value creation
that is still relying on your market
messaging and also your um metric setup
like most of the products are using a
metric of usage instead of seat. I think
that makes sense especially for solo
printers. Uh but the experiment really
tell tells us what price to go because
you don't have to uh set up a price that
everyone are happy with. You probably
have a assumption or hypothesis of what
kind of customers you want to target
too, right? All you need to do is to
make sure those ICPS are okay, are happy
with the price. you probably have to say
no to like 70% of the early stage users
but you should be to only focus on your
ICAP in in the early days and then maybe
you can develop other you know pressing
or even product um capabilities for the
rest of the users.
>> Yeah, the the importance of saying no
right all the time. When you said you do
customer interviews, how many interviews
do you need to do in order to land on
some kind of a decision?
>> I think the number of customer
interviews are not the key. Uh but how
you do it is more important. Um I think
we did about 20 to 30 um for on average
for one single um critical product
decisions. But we set the distribution
of the those 20 to 30 um customers in a
in a very um mey way where like okay
four marketers you know five creators
and also they're in different
industries. They're they come with
different um you know purchasing empower
come from different geographic locations
backgrounds. You want to make sure they
are representative enough to help you
make a decision.
>> You don't need a lot but you need to
have a clear concise set of um testers.
>> Yeah, you want to make sure you get like
a full picture of the market.
>> That's really helpful for the research
and validation phase. Now once you're in
building mode, what about the AI skills?
What is the number one AI skill everyone
should be working on right now?
>> The number one AI skill is should
actually go for first principle. It
doesn't matter like if you're using AI
for um you know design your poster um
you v code your prototype. I think
everyone should treat AI as your
thinking partner or even thought
partner. Which means that when you are
having a problem of understanding your
users, when you are having problem of
managing your teams, when you are having
problems of um figuring out your pricing
or you know all the critical decisions
in your lifetime uh when you are a
founder, I think traditionally you will
just go reach out to your coach or some
more senior people uh or people with
relevant experience, right, to ask for
their advice. But I think in this era of
AI, you should run through it with your
with you know Gemini or Chad GBT. They
are actually a very very senior very
important thinking partner. Um just you
know instead of like asking one line of
questions um throw as many context as
possible um and also you know do like
more than 20 rounds of back and forth um
communications.
you will be mindblowingly enlightened
through these conversations. So nowadays
that's how I practice myself.
>> Do is there a certain daily practice
that you have? Uh I talked to Mustafa
Sleman on this podcast. Uh he's a CEO of
Microsoft AI and he shared that every
single day he would talk to Copilot and
just tell Copilot about what the day has
been like and the decision that he's
made and how those decisions made him
feel. So that when in 3 months he has
something like a similar problem, he
still talks to the same threat and
copilot and copilot will be like, "Oh,
when you made that decision 3 months
ago, you actually regret it. So this
time let's do this." Is there something
similar that you have?
>> Yeah. Exactly. Exactly. Because I think
the current uh chatbot uh memory is so
powerful that uh so what I um like
monthly one of my monthly ritual is that
I ask chat to PT about um you know what
are my major decisions in the past month
um you know give me some comment um
feedback on
>> but that means you shared every single
>> I shared everything. Yeah.
>> How does it like every night you just
sit and like these are the decisions I
made or
>> Yeah. Sometimes I you know talk to the
AI in that way and sometimes I would
just um
>> um forward my decision just um like I
captured like a screenshots of our group
discussion. Um I dropped a link of my
the document of of a PRD of a spec uh
that kind of thing too. I yeah I I I
kind of forced myself to
>> to document.
>> Yeah. To document it.
>> So you said Gemini is the best for it or
>> Yeah. I'm um I'm I'm heavily using both
JA and ChBT. Okay. Yeah.
>> But I think recently I realized they
really memorized almost everything I
talked to them. So now I can start a new
question like what is the biggest
mistake I made in the past 6 months? Uh
what is one thing you you want to
suggest to me? Uh if you could three
months ago. I think this becomes super
powerful right now.
>> I love these questions. Let everyone go
go to your favorite app and ask those
questions. I'm going to do this right
after the interview.
>> It's a good like end of the year
practice [laughter] to see what's what's
going on. Love it. Absolutely.
>> Do you have any top three AI business
ideas you would start
>> if you hadn't had Opus Club?
>> It's hard to name like three ideas um
because I'm not an investor. I you know
I I don't meet as many founders as
possible. Um but I think the general
first principle uh for now right the
question is to start a business like in
2026.
>> Yeah
>> as we discussed the market is becoming
super competitive and there are like for
most of the markets or industries uh
there are like more than 20 50 AI tools
out there already. Um so the first
principle I would say is to find a
really niche business. Often times many
people don't really understand what is a
niche. For example, is restaurant
business a niche? No. Is Chinese
restaurant
a niche? No. Is um canonist Chinese
restaurant business a niche? Still no.
Um you have to drill down. Uh there are,
you know, so many different types of
canonist food. Um and even for one
specific vertical um are you going to
target to be like the um the Chanel of
Canada's restaurant or the Zara of or
Uniqlo of Canada's restaurant right so
the different pricing will match to
different um markets different ICPS as
well so pick a really really really
small niche that you cannot further
segment it
>> to start with um
>> Wow that's that's a good one yeah
>> yeah you have to ruthlessly segment your
niche
The second thing is ideally pick
something that's boring because the non-
boring the cool ones are definitely 10x
or even a more 100x more competitive.
You probably don't want to work in those
areas. That's why I mentioned earlier
that the passion for building the
passion for problem solving is more
important because your passion for a
specific business is most likely not a
viable business. Right? So you need to
have a passion to build something for a
boring industry but you solve a really
big problem and furthermore ideally
there are a lot of existing services. I
think we are actually you know changing
from we're redefining the term SAS and
previously it was like software as a
service nowadays it's becoming service
as a software. So in that specific
market niche, boring market niche, are
there existing services
um done by like agencies um by
freelancers um or some internal tools or
some hacky solutions, imperfect hacky
solutions. Um that is your opportunity
to tackle. Um so go through some boring
test, go through some niche test and go
through some service test. Um, so these
are the my first principles to find a
new business in 2026.
>> That's great. That's great. That's
amazing. Okay. And for young viewers who
watching, what is one principle that you
wish you understood when you were 20
that would saved you years?
>> Damn, [laughter]
>> it's like me talking to your internal
Gemini tragedy. [gasps]
>> I really wish I can travel back to my
20s. But um I think the first principle
is to be as disciplined as possible. Um
I've been following um Cristiano Ronaldo
and LeBron James for two decades.
They are at their 40s and they're still
one of the best players in their fields.
The reasons are they are super
disciplined in their early 20s. Uh you
can't change your behavior when you are
over 30 or 40. it's it's just
impossible. Um but if you're like in
your early 20s or even younger, um make
sure that you use time effectively. Make
sure you can plan things accordingly.
Make sure you push yourself to your
boundary. Make sure you are okay with
you know suffers. Um you can recover
fast. Uh make sure you have clear
mission and you are well aligned with
your mission. and you work toward
automation every day. I think you know I
can list a few different behaviors but
the key principle is to be super
disciplined if you want to be a
successful founder uh later on and also
be disciplined to your own health right
like how many hours you should log to
sleep um what you should eat or not um
what kind of exercise you should do you
should do every day like I I saw many
people started to develop these um
patterns these behaviors in their 30s
but not in their early 20s.
>> It's hard in your 30s. I love that. And
also that brings you to say no to
different things and it's also a great
skill.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> Yeah. This is something I've been
hearing a lot when I'm talking to people
who are building something amazing.
>> Yeah. Discipline. I think Priscilla Chan
just shared that she only has work and
family. Parties don't exist in her life.
>> Not exist anymore.
>> Yeah. And this is what you hear a lot
from successful people here in the US.
They work like crazy.
>> I'm trying to learn. Like I think I'm
disciplined, but like that level of
discipline. Oh my god.
>> Yeah. Exactly. Because with a super high
level of discipline, you can just like
master said, right? You can segment your
your time into, you know, buckets of
five minutes. You can easily you can
easily get super focused and also switch
context to focus on something else. That
is the ultimate result of discipline. I
saw many people like find really hard to
switch context to focus for a longer
time. That is because you are lacking
the discipline from day one.
>> This is something I'll be teaching my
kids. [gasps and laughter]
>> Thank you so much. It was amazing.
>> Thank you. Oh, thank you ever having